A message to the respectable media man Dr. Amr Ellissy ...
We all commend you as media, journalist and free professional
And you have an extensive background of professionalism, material and in media content that you offer
Like your TV shows (one of the people), (clearly) and (No)
And all the political and social roles and investigations that you have presented
You have all the appreciation and respect in it
You've always been a strong defender and a good detective
You care about people's opinions, and you once cared about people's opinions.
And you defended yourself in all the TV shows
( in the paper)
Or which is called (the fraudulent document)
in the accusations that you has been accused of at this time
And always justify in the language of logic and reason
and professionalism and neutrality
on all the questions that are asked to you or inquiries or constructive criticism
But lately I have heard from you
(I don't care what the people think, or I don't care about anyone's opinion, and these people don't concern me) or that,
To make sure the numbers came out by chance.
So that no one says that we agree with each other - (sing from the same hymn sheet)
ok ? .... I don't care about anyone.
These are numbers less than five.I want you to put your finger on any number of them without seeing them.
although this is contrary to your career,
you have been always careful to respond
And honestly Dr. Amr I am talking to you about ...
or worth mentioning in the topic
(The Episode of Azzam and His Brothers)
and the episodes that made a big fuss about what they call (the sleight of hand)
Welcome
New episode of the program (One of the People)
Today's episode is very exceptional, very different, very distinct, very very very exciting
We've given you the last period
A group of talented
In sleight of hand games.
And we were able to highlight their unique ability and their different abilities
And the truth is that these episodes have achieved very high viewership on YouTube
Because of the excitement and weirdness it contained.
and today...
A show full of surprises
And sleight of hand games
That never came to mind
Which we can't believe from the weirdness.
Even though it's happening in front of us.
today, in the studio, I have four of the most important players in Sleight of hand
And they're, Mr.Gino, Mr. Ahmed Abdul Rahman,
Mr. Bassam and Mr. Azzam
Welcome to (One of the people's programs).
I'm so glad you're with me.
And here's the question....
These episodes have sparked a wide and big debate
and we are accustomed to you that you are a good investigator
You were doing investigations about criminals and gangs
and you've been having a conversation with the utmost objectivity
and you let reply to the public
But recently
(Episode Azzam and his aides)
We are an Arab eastern Christian Muslim society
Not an European society
Honestly .. Honestly , your excellency
Are you convinced that what happened with any one of them,  is that  (a sleight of hand)?
I mean when he gives you the empty bowl and lets you get the potatoes out
Are you convinced that is (a sleight of hand)?
We are used to you to respect people's minds …
Where are the minds of the people in these episodes?
You're offering us someone like (A demigod or demi-god)
- One arrived to be the Antichrist
Someone (predicts and knows the unseen)
And he made an episode the day before and gets potatoes
he claims to be a will
We are in front of a character that we adorn it, or characters that we adorn it
In a Tv-show we all know, knowing by (professionalism and respect)
And basically we can't fake
Because this is a falsification of people's awareness
And we are not used to this with you
Except you've shown the subject
and disowned it and said ......
in brackets
(This is not "a sleight of hand", Do you want to convince me that this is a sleight of hand?)
a sleight of hand to get something out of the sleeve of the jacket
a sleight of hand to flip number 8, you put it down, and it will be in upstairs.
this is the sleight of hand, and we saw some people who doing that
this is not a sleights of hand, you read my thoughts.
But I will reply to what you didn't reply to
We are in front of (Magician)
after a short time; he will continue the capabilities of the 99 names
*(Allah's Most Beautiful Names in Islam religion)
And this is not going to happen
And also the situation was not limited to this (to the witches)
Also we got the super forces
which are a big lie
I think it's so obvious.
in red color
It's so weird.
Electric Drill ....
and you didn't feel anything.
no, Never
Now I'm going to try to eat glass.
Are you going to eat the glass?
yeah ...
ah.... here you are
Enjoy your meal!
good appetite ...
hearty appetite....
so, you had your lunch today, right?
No, it's breakfast.
it's breakfast.....
The other is lunch because it fills the stomach.
Does that glass fill your stomach?
Makes you feel full?
I want to know what this stuff is when you eat it like that.
That's glass.
Can I ask you a question
according to you, you always tell them
(How did it happen?, Give me a justification or, Give me strong evidence.)
You don't have enough information about their field or their sciences or their secrets
You've always been featured in your programs (opinion and differing views)
Where is the role of the other mind in replying to these people and evaluating these people?
Like Al- Azhar and the opinion of the people of science
who can understand and evaluate and respond to the minds of these people and evaluate these people themselves.
why are just those who don't have to  them (enquiry approach)?
And you left the opinion to people to hit a fifth in sixes
(hit them thumsmosts in them teethes)
or (started to rave and rant about how these happens)
But more than that you personally do not have a reply ….
So it's a controversial subject or just a show??? I don't think so
You don't need this, Dr. Amr
Don't polish the copper because it eventually (rusts)
Because honesty and everyone takes his right
Your career history is gold.
So don't tarnish it for a fuss or what (or propaganda)
without looking at the truth or standing on it
You owe the right to respond to the entire Egyptian people
As we're used to, you're always respectful.
We hope from your honor the logical explanation of these events With Absolutely absolutely objective.
We are not going to do like (Ibrahim Al-Abyad)'s Movie
When he's been throughout the film, talking about his criminal history
And he wants people to understand his message in just three minutes
he explained to people and reached out to them that this is all wrong
Thank you to the respectable media
Dr. Amr Al-Laithi